hi guys welcome to my channel okay today
I just really would really quickly
wanted to film a video on these brushes
that I found and this is the second
packs i bought because in black and pink
which is four colors they do this is not
sponsored video in this like it's known
pay me students and told me to do this I
just found these brushes because all of
mine seemed to come missing I don't know
where they've gone but they I'm so
looking online so just sucking a nice
brush brush there and I saw these and
these were literally five pounds and I
mentioned in a video before any guys is
like you have to tell it so I thought I
just do a little video and show you what
you get as I said not being told to do
this I just wanted to share with you
guys cuz I know not all of you can
afford like 10 pounds worth brushes and
I want to see if they were worse I think
with the postage and everything and I
spent like six pounds or something I
will try and finally I know it wasn't
Amazon I think that I found these I
think because I saw these a couple times
basically some things people will buy
some like a wholesalers and sell as
their own so I thought you can buy these
from a lot of different places but
they'll be similar but these are all the
brushes you get considering this
background I mean there's an eyeliner
brush there's a few blending brushes
different shapes and sizes and yeah
there's like two different and they even
have this one which I've been seeing
everywhere I haven't used it yet but
that I don't want this like hook and I
think they're meant to be easier let me
just show you the ones that you have and
then I do my eyeshadows them I thought
was really cool because I like save them
like myself and I've been using the
black ones I got these things I'll show
you a button so these are the black ones
and these are the pink ones I just
wanted to get to colors just so I can
have together as you know but I'm okay
so you get another flat brush
and then you get an angled brush like
this and I mean a lot of brushes that I
find that are cheap I would think that
this is gonna come off good you know
this bit here I did find out was a lot
in London brushes they're not cheap you
know the ones who said I'm in super job
change did not like this brush that all
every single one of those brushes has
fallen apart so that the thing I was
testing as well you get a little
blending brush here and excuse my right
nails in a way no one is just chisel and
you get this and they're not I mean
there's a different densities between
their blending brushes and stuff what I
like about this brush is this is such a
good blending brush for like the crease
and stuff because it's like flat foot is
still fluffy no I mean rounded and then
there's like one in different sizes and
then I'm really bad with names a brush
it by the way so I'm just showing you
something not really I don't really pay
attention to rush things like a lot of
them on whatever but yeah and this one
which I feel will be so nice for the
corner gonna be used to black one for
that and this one love cuz it's like
it's tapered all right we're at the end
words like goes a little bit spin on and
it's thicker in and then and then
obviously the angled liner brush
Chinese's but yeah I just wanted to do
why I should have them quickly just so
you guys can see why so this would be
such a good Christmas present or if
you're just getting makeup it's not
serious or even if you are because
obviously I do make a lot like video
ever
as you may know and these are really are
doing the job for me like I don't I feel
like I don't I'm not particularly like
how much so much money
get it if I think something's decent
like I'll shop a Primark and I'll shut
that Musashi is if I like
something I like suddenly doesn't always
but I'm not I'm not superficial like
that but I feel like this is such a cool
body especially black Christmas coming
up I feel like you would I think there's
a sponsor doesn't really not I just
wanted to show you guys
damn this is cheap I don't know I'm
presuming you can buy them in America
and other countries like that I know
I've got a lot of UAE wanna win is good
but I don't know how to check to combine
I'm going to see why not I feel like
these are gonna be sold everywhere
Christ you did see different websites
selling them for like major bit
transparent sheet per pound or expensive
but I will link where I got these wrong
if I can remember exactly if not I just
have to find and link in the description
box please with Jacqueline for this and
obviously I'm not this I have actually
done rest my makeup so I'm gonna take
this brush and this top color here and
just maybe I'll do a video on like all
kinds of cheap but decent products you
know I also was thinking is cool about
these as well as like because they're so
cheap you could afford to buy loads of
packs and that means that you don't have
to clean your brushes so awesome because
we got thousands but how many could you
buy for a hundred I want to put it
something really and all that great with
my it's a 100 divided by the 5 you could
get about 500 pounds you could get 20
packs that's loss blushes so
bearing in mind like a really decent of
really really high-end pack of brushes
is like probably about 75 pound anyway
that's so many brushes I'm
really helping you here like you guys
only I want to take I don't know what
I'm doing here
gonna do a movie look here this one I'm
enjoying my hair shorter recently by the
way let me used to not really like it
but it's like grown into a natural kind
of sheet cuz obviously we know I trashed
my hair blonde and I hate it back yeah
it's actually getting some sort of shape
to it no I mean so and you know what
else I love a like one of these brushes
which this one on my black one I use at
my highlight as well it's really nice
what is this I'm using it well when they
are ready nails okay
now I'm thinking disconnect it and we'll
take the same color and a board okay
like this is my finished look on showing
your professional real quickly but I
just wanted to let you guys know about
the brushes I will leave the district
will leave a link in the description box
below for all of these brushes and let
me know if in the comments below if you
guys want me to do a cheaper products
video I don't know what that would be
called like cheap products video like
the same ones I think these pressures
work thanks for watching my video guys
the dress